fanciful fanc i ful that is correct and
you have one Crenshaw's inaugural
spelling bee excuse me
spell prestidigitation I'm sorry sir but
this girl is only 11 mister watch what
is this prestidigitation you know that
feeling where no matter what you do or
where you go you just don't fit in p r e
s TI d i gita tion cuz it's how i feel
all the time prestidigitation that's
correct
my name is Akeelah Anderson and I'm 11
years old
dr. Joshua Larabee thinks you have a
chance of going all the way to the
National Spelling Bee
it's a tough nut I've seen it shoot kids
up and spit them out so if you want to
get there you can't be a shrinking
violet are you ready I'm ready
all right let's go in a place where
dreams are hard to come by one girl will
start a journey 5,000 new words 5,000
you consume it you will own it and then
you know what you'll be tired where the
odds are a million to one you're going
up against a bunch of rich white kids
ratiocination which language or you can
have the definition please
Madrigal mr. dancer a kilo and talent is
only the beginning that's correct
all of Los Angeles is talking about us
am i saying for next year's B to do
great I'm getting lucky it's just too
hard mama
our deepest fear is not that we are
inadequate our deepest fear is that we
are powerful beyond measure what does it
mean I'm not supposed to be afraid
afraid of what afraid of
me the UN showed on people want to help
you I bet you just look around you got
fifty thousand coaches
kick his butt akela Dutt butt
ever since you found out there was the
National Spelling Bee you've seen
yourself holding up that trophy but if
you can't say it you can't win it so say
I want to win you want to win what
Akeelah and the bee
you